What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When you initialize a repository, you are able to use Git for version control on this directory and its contents. It is important to do this so that you can start saving different versions of your work in case you need to reference these versions later.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is different from the working directory in that it only keeps the files that have been changed since the last commit. The repository keeps all commits. It is important to have the staging area in order to make sure that each commit/logical changes has exactly the files that are related to it, whereas otherwise the user would not have a choice but to commit all changed files directly to the repository without first looking at what each commit consists of.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

You can compare the changes between the staging area and the last commit using git diff --staged to see exactly what you added and whether all the changes are related to the intended logical change.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

Branches are very useful for categorizing the big changes you have worked/are working on versus the small logical changes you make per commit.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

The diagrams clearly show after which commit different branches were created so that we know what changes are included in the branches and what is yet to be merged.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

Merging two branches together allows up to keep all of the changes that have been made in both master and the new branch once it is done being worked on. We represent it so that it indicates that its history includes both branches' commits.

