When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

You would want to use a remote repository when you are collaborating on a project with multiple people and/or working from multiple computers. This way, you can incorporate changes that other sources have made to the existing project along the way, incrementally make sure all changes put together are working, and therefore, reduce the time spent on merging things together at the very end.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

You could be working on some code changes that you don't want anything to interfere with until it is up and working, so it is usually a better idea to pull other changes after one logical change is complete.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Forks are clones of repositories from GitHub that are created only within GitHub. Clones are copies of repositories from GitHub or local to your local machine. Branches are a series of commits, where the HEAD is generally the most recent commit, and multiple branches can be created to work on different features that are intended to be merged with the master branch later.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

Having a copy of the last known state is helpful when you are merging changes from remote to local. If you made a local commit that you have not pushed and another collaborator pushed changes that are not yet in your local repo, Git will first merge the remote commits with the local copy of the last known state of the remote so that it does not mess with the local commit you have made. Once it does this, it is easy to you to figure out how to merge the remote changes with your changes.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

If I were not using Git/GitHub, I might collaborate using online sharing such as OneDrive, Google Drive, and Dropbox. The easier thing about these is that there is no need to know which command to use where and what the syntax is, since the concept is as simple as making edits locally and uploading the new versions to the shared folder. However, the difficult thing about this is that the shared work is much more prone to data loss and code inconsistencies, easily leading to bugs. It is necessary to always make sure that only one person at a time is uploading changes and everyone else should download these copies before making any further changes. If someone wanted to branch out and make their own edits, they have to be very careful, and retrieving previously working copies of the project requires manually saving the versions into different folders, whereas Git allows you to access previous versions and go back to the head in a much easier manner.